Here it comes ...
The bastard has come to me
The bastard looks good
Maybe you think that you're great
you can't fail
He came to
People say screams are important
Daiyama books
He said something big, but I couldn't understand.
I was worried if he was in love with the princess or the princess.
He's a rich man, but he's not a good man.
I'd like to have the money with me.
Thanks for the investment.
We'll go to theounter before the Yamato.
Don't worry, Kiyoko.
If it costs only 60 cents, you can buy the whole fields.
You'll land there as a cook at night.
I'm only asking for 20 cents.
You work hard, but if you work hard, you'll get 15 ryo.
That's right. You're a strong man.
If you work hard, you'll get 15 ryo.
That's right. It's going to take three or four years.
I'll work hard and get 15 ryo and buy a house.
I'm not in a hurry.
I'll buy a house and buy a house.
I'll work hard.
I'll get 15 ryo and buy a house.
Shut up!
Do your work.
The snow of yesterday is still not over.
The snow of three years is still not over.